Security is not an easy subject.
And the issues we covered in this lesson are
not sufficiently fixable on just the front and.
Your back end, whatever it is needs to implant validation as
well to be properly secured against C-surf and cross site scripting attacks.
What you have learned here is how to spot
potential vulnerabilities and how to verify if they are exploitable.
Whenever you're about to add any kind of input field in your Webapp,
you should immediately start thinking about cross site scripting and
C-surf and whether there are potential risks that need to be mitigated.
You'll do yourself and your users a big favor.